---
layout: post
title: "Webfonts in Email"
categories: HTML
---

Email development has so many quirks that using custom fonts sounds like a suicide mission. It's a common practice to use websafe fonts. When you work with multilingual content it's an obvious choice. However, using fonts from a company's brand book may be possible.


This is a summary of a blog post from the Email on Acid blog. 
1. [Licensing](#licensing)
2. [Importing fonts](#@import)
3. [Declaring fonts](#declare)
4. [Fallback for Outlook](#fallback-for-outlook)

## Licensing

A license is required to legally use a web font online. As web fonts have been used on websites for a few years, licensing is already in place that covers use on websites and even mobile apps. However, licensing for use in email isn’t quite as widespread. This is because the use of web fonts in email is often seen as redistributing the font. And for many web font services, this goes against their EULA (End User License Agreement).

Most licenses for use of web fonts in email are based on the number of monthly opens. Something to consider if you’re using a paid for web font in your emails.

## @import

Currently, the @import method is not supported in AOL using IE11 and Android 2.3.


```css
@import url('http://fonts.googleapis.com/css?family=Open+Sans');
```


## &lt;link&gt;

Web font services will provide you with the href value to use for your web font of choice. If you’re hosting your own web-font, you’ll have to change the href value to where you’ve hosted your web font. Fully supported in:



*   iOS Mail
*   Apple Mail
*   Android (default mail client, not Gmail app)
*   Outlook 2000
*   Outlook.com app
*   Thunderbird

 

## @font-face


```css
<style type="text/css">
@media screen {
   @font-face{
       font-family:'Open Sans';
       font-style:normal;
       font-weight:400;
       src:local('Open Sans'), local('OpenSans'), url('http://fonts.gstatic.com/s/opensans/v10/cJZKeOuBrn4kERxqtaUH3bO3LdcAZYWl9Si6vvxL-qU.woff') format('woff');
   }
}
</style>
```

## Declare 
To declare the font use:


```html
<td style="font-family: 'Open Sans', Arial, sans-serif;">Open sans font for all!</td>
```


## Fallback for Outlook

Use the class fallback-text wherever you have used your web font family like this:


```html
<td class="fallback-text" style="font-family: 'Open Sans', Arial, sans-serif;">Open sans font for all!</td>
```


Insert a conditional class definition:


```css
<!--[if mso]>
<style type="text/css">
.fallback-text {
font-family: Arial, sans-serif;
}
</style>
<![endif]-->
```



## Resources

[https://www.emailonacid.com/blog/article/email-development/best-font-for-email-everything-you-need-to-know-about-email-safe-fonts/](https://www.emailonacid.com/blog/article/email-development/best-font-for-email-everything-you-need-to-know-about-email-safe-fonts/)
