---
layout: post
title: "Rework by Jason Fried, David Heinemeier Hansson"
categories: Book
---
<!-- Output copied to clipboard! -->

<!-----
NEW: Check the "Suppress top comment" option to remove this info from the output.

Conversion time: 0.378 seconds.


Using this Markdown file:

1. Paste this output into your source file.
2. See the notes and action items below regarding this conversion run.
3. Check the rendered output (headings, lists, code blocks, tables) for proper
   formatting and use a linkchecker before you publish this page.

Conversion notes:

* Docs to Markdown version 1.0β29
* Wed Apr 14 2021 04:12:04 GMT-0700 (PDT)
* Source doc: Rework
* Tables are currently converted to HTML tables.
----->




>   Ignore this book at your own peril. Seth Godin


I started this post to summarize another book from the Basecamp but I don’t really remember it&hellip;It was a bit slight read with an obvious, general message. It has this ‘rebel’ particle. It praises the vision for the “Show me” approach as opposed to “Let’s call a meeting to discuss it”. Here are some really good notes that I found on the internet (Payton Stafford comments on Goodreads):



*   Everything is marketing.
*   Say no to default
*   Don’t copy competitors-create something new
*   Make tiny decisions
*   Make attainable goals
*   Use tiny decisions to work through even large projects
*   Use the power of no to get your priorities straight.
*   Be true to a type of customer rather than to specific customers.
*   Build an audience by teaching customers rather than paying for advertising.
*   Don't confuse enthusiasm with priorities.
*   Prioritize visually, with next task at top of list
*   Make short lists to avoid feeling overwhelmed
*   Hold meetings at site of problem, not in meeting room. Invite as few as possible.
*   Divide problems and projects into pieces small enough to easily estimate time and effort required.
*   Be open about your processes, flaws and opinions. This will create more credibility than trying to appear perfect.
*   Don't hire someone until you've tried to do the work yourself.
*   Hire only as a last resort.
*   Ignore resumes. Check cover letter. Look for 6 months+ experience, but after that the learning curve flattens.
*   Hire managers of 1 -- self-directed people who can set their own goals and reach them without help.
*   Get back to people quickly. Value their time. Expect them to object to change.
*   Good work environments result from trust, autonomy, privacy. Don't require approval. Send people home at five.
*   Don't create policies because one person did something wrong once.


## Resources



*   [https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/6732019-rework](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/6732019-rework)
*   [https://basecamp.com/books/rework](https://basecamp.com/books/rework)